#!/usr/bin/env python3
# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
"""
Created on Sat Jun 16 22:42:14 2018

@author: freya
"""

PROGRAM SPEC AND DEV NOTES

Data Converter
1. Takes data in various formats spits out objects that simulator can accept
2. Export/save objects so it doesn't need to run before every simulation
Supported Formats:
    list of entry/exit events
        for each entry event, create new id
        for each exit event, update that id to reflect exit time
        nature???
    another format which involves a probability curve
        ???

    
Simulator
1. Simulates a network using standardized data from the data converter.
    a. create initial network from data(0)
    b. for n = 1 to T:
        iterate through network and remove those ids whose exit time is n
        add ids to the network from data(n).
        update bookkeeping values on size of network, bad ids, etc
        run algo on network. Algo returns a value which is saved into a results array of size T 
2. Accepts programs that implement security algorithms, and runs them on simulated network. 
3. Displays graphs resulting from simulation which may be saved as images.
4. Exports result data to csv.
(STRETCH GOAL) GUI for uploading/converting data, running simulation, modifying resulting charts.

Security Algorithm Interface

Defines a standard for python programs that can be called by the simulator and act on the network.
I will write at least one program, and document what functions are necessary for future programs.
This allows the simulator to accept one or more of these security algorithms and compare their performance. 
    run method: takes current state of the network and returns a value to be charted on the Y axis
    graph method: returns the name of the y axis and other info needed to chart (scale??)

Simulation Data Shape
    ID objects that know: arrival time, departure time, nature
    session_arrivals: array of size T + 1. At 0 is a list of the initial session IDs.
    1-T holds the sessions that are added to the network at that time.
    
